A.A. Milne. Piglet noticed that even though he had a Very Small Heart, it could hold a rather large amount of Gratitude.
A.A. Milne. Rivers know this: there is no hurryWe shall get there some day.
A.J. Muste. There is no way to peace, peace is the way.
Abraham Lincoln. Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Abraham Lincoln. Folks are usually about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln. Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln. Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.
Abraham Lincoln. I am not bound to win, I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to the light I have.
absorb what you need and rebound more back.. Be a positive energy trampoline
Adlai E. Stevenson II. It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
Adolf Loos. Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.
Aeschylus. Time brings all things to pass.
Aesop. Please all, and you will please none.
Aesop. Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Aesop. No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
African proverb. Peace is costly but it is worth the expense.
Al Goldstein. The true success is the person who invented himself.
Alain de Botton. Our capacity to draw happiness from aesthetic objects or material goods in fact seems critically dependent on our first satisfying a more important range of emotional or psychological needs, among them the need for understanding, for love, expression, and respect.
Alan Cohen. To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek.
Alan Cohen. Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.
Alan Cohen. You cannot judge what should bring others joy, and others cannot judge what should bring you joy.
Alan Cohen. To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek.
Alan Cohen. Wouldn't it be powerful if you fell in love with yourself so deeply that you would do just about anything if you knew it would make you happy? This is precisely how much life loves you and wants you to nurture yourself. The deeper you love yourself, the more the universe will affirm your worth. Then you can enjoy a lifelong love affair that brings you the richest fulfillment from inside out.
Albert    Einstein. Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Camus. To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Albert Camus. Peace is the only battle worth waging.
Albert Camus. Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is.
Albert Clarke. In our daily lives, we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.
Albert Einstein. Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Albert Einstein. Life is like riding a bicycleTo keep your balance you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein. Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.
Albert Einstein. We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.
Albert Einstein. Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Albert Einstein. If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
Albert Einstein. We have to do the best we are capable of. This is our sacred human responsibility.
Albert Einstein. Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Albert Einstein. If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Albert Einstein. Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein. A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Ellis. The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
Albert Schweitzer. My life is my argument.
Albert Schweitzer. I don’t know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: The only ones among you who will be truly happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.
Albert Schweitzer. Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
Albert Schweitzer. At times, our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
Albert Schweitzer. Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Alden Tan. Friends? You don’t need more than your few close ones.
Alexander Graham Bell. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus"
Alexandra of The Productivity Zone. It’s not about better time managementIt’s about better life management
Aldous Huxley. The deepest sin against the human mind is to believe things without evidence.
Aldous Huxley. Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Aldous Huxley. Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Alexis Carrel. The quality of life is more important than life itself.
Alfred North Whitehead. No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.
Alice Walker. The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Allen Saunders. Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Amelia Earhart. The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity.
Amy Bloom. You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.
Amy Poehler. Change the world by being yourself.
Anais Nin. Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anaïs Nin. And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anaïs Nin. Good things happen to those who hustle.
Anaïs Nin. Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.
Anaïs Nin. You cannot save people, you can just love them.
Anatole France. If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
Andre Dubus. Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people.
André Gide. Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Andrew Carnegie. Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common visionThe ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Andrew Carnegie. If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.
Andrew Hunt. Most people find change difficult to accept, sometimes for good reasons, sometimes because of plain old inertia.
Andrew Hunt. There is one technique that you must use if you want people to listen to you: listen to them.
Andrew Jackson. One man with courage makes a majority.
Angela Bassett. Don't settle for averageBring your best to the momentThen, whether it fails or succeeds, at least you know you gave all you had.
Angus Young. I'm sick to death of people saying we've made 11 albums that sounds exactly the same, In fact, we've made 12 albums that sound exactly the same.
Anita Roddick. The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you.
Anne Frank. Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Anne Frank. I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
Anne Frank. The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely, or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature, and God. As long as this exists, and it certainly always will, then there will be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be.
Anne Frank.. No one has ever become poor by giving.
Anne Lamott. Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it rightJust dance.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh. One can never pay in gratitude; one can only pay 'in kind' somewhere else in life.
Anonymous. If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do.
Anthony J. D’Angelo. The most important things in life aren’t things.
Anthony J. D’Angelo. Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery. If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
Archibald McLeish. There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience.
Arianna Huffington. I do not try to dance better than anyone elseI only try to dance better than myself.
Aristotle. We are what we repeatedly doExcellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle. Happiness depends upon us.
Aristotle. A friend is a second self.
Aristotle. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle. There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Arlan Hamilton. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been given a no. Only to find that a better, brighter, bigger yes was right around the corner.
Arnold Palmer. Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
Arthur Ashe. Start where you areUse what you haveDo what you can.
Arthur Ashe. We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
Arthur Ashe. Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Arthur Ashe. One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
Arthur C. Clarke. The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur CClarke. The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
Atticus. A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world.
Augustine of Hippo. Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking.
Augustine of Hippo. God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails.
Augustine of Hippo. Love the sinner and hate the sin.
Augustine of Hippo. There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future.
Augustine Og Mandino. Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
Austin Freeman. Simplicity is the soul of efficiency.
Ayn Rand. I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Ayn Rand. The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand. The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
Ayn Rand. Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
Ayn Rand. The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
B.F. Skinner. A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
B.F. Skinner. Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
B.F. Skinner. The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount.
Babe Ruth. Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Baltasar. Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.
Barbara Elaine Smith. I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.
Barrie Davenport. Low self-confidence isn't a life sentence. Self-confidence can be learned, practiced, and mastered--just like any other skill. Once you master it, everything in your life will change for the better.
Ben Franklin. They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Benjamin Disraeli. One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Benjamin Disraeli. The fool wonders, the wise man asks.
Benjamin Franklin. He that can have patience can have what he will.
Benjamin Franklin. Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
Benjamin Franklin. Time is money.
Benjamin Franklin. Lost time is never found again.
Benjamin Franklin. Who is rich? He that rejoices in his portion.
Benjamin Franklin. An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Bernard M. Baruch. The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than growing with them.
Bernard Meltzer. Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Beth Revis. Power isn't control at all--power is strength, and giving that strength to others. A leader isn't someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
Beth Revis. A leader isn't someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others so that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
Betty Smith. Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
Beverly Sills. You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Bill Cosby. I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone.
Bill Gates. It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Bill Gates. Life is not fair; get used to it.
Bill Walsh. Someone will declare,  I am the leader! and expect everyone to get in line and follow him or her to the gates of heaven or hell. My experience is that it doesn’t happen that wayOthers follow you based on the quality of your actions rather than the magnitude of your declarations.
Bill Wilson. To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.
Billie Jean King. No one changes the world who isn’t obsessed.
Bo Jackson. Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Bob Dylan. He not busy being born is busy dying.
Bob Dylan. What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Bob Marley. Love the life you live. Lead the life you love.
Bob Marley. Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Booker T. Washington. If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Booker T. Washington. Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
Brad Szollose. If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.
Brandon Sanderson. The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones.
Brené Brown. Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love.
Brian Chesky. Build something 100 people love, not something one million people kind of like.
Brian Tracy. Develop an ‘attitude of gratitude.’ Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything you do.
Brian Tracy. Entrepreneurial leadership requires the ability to move quickly when opportunity presents itself.
Brian Tracy. Fake it until you make it! Act as if you had all the confidence you require until it becomes your reality.
Brian Tracy. Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?
Brian Tracy. Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadershipAlways keep your word.
Brian Tracy. Leaders are anticipatory thinkersThey consider all consequences of their behaviors before they act.
Brian Tracy. Leaders are innovative, entrepreneurial, and future-orientedThey focus on getting the job done.
Brian Tracy. Leaders are never satisfied; they continually strive to be better.
Brian Tracy. Leaders never use the word failureThey look upon setbacks as learning experiences.
Brian Tracy. Leaders set high standardsRefuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance.
Brian Tracy. Leaders think and talk about the solutionsFollowers think and talk about the problems.
Brian Tracy. Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people.
Brian Tracy. Make your life a masterpiece, imagine no limitations on what you can be, have, or do.
Brian Tracy. Move out of your comfort zoneYou can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Brian Tracy. Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.
Brian Tracy. Practice golden rule management in everything you doManage others the way you would like to be managed.
Brian Tracy. Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body.
Brian Tracy. Respect is the key determinant of high-performance leadership. How much people respect you determines how well they perform.
Brian Tracy. The best leaders have a high consideration factorThey really care about their people.
Brian Tracy. The effective leader recognizes that they are more dependent on their people than they are on themWalk softly
Brian Tracy. The future belongs to the competentGet good, get better, be the best!
Brian Tracy. The key responsibility of leadership is to think about the futureNo one else can do it for you.
Brian Tracy. The three ‘C’s’ of leadership are consideration, caring, and courtesyBe polite to everyone.
Brian Tracy. The true test of leadership is how well you function in a crisis.
Brian Tracy. There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.
Brian Tracy. Your life only gets better when you get better.
Brian Tracy. Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily, even if you had no title or position.
Brian Tracy. Confidence is a habit that can be developed by acting as if you already had the confidence you desire to have.
Bruce Feirstein. The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Bruce Lee. We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.
Bruce Lee. It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.
Bruce Lee. The successful warrior is the average man, with laserlike focus.
Bruce Lee. Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it.
Bruce Lee.. If you love life, don’t waste time for time is what life is made up of.
Bryan Hutchinson. Keep going. Be all in.
Bryce Courtenay. Pride is holding your head up when everyone around you has theirs bowed. Courage is what makes you do it.
Buddha. Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Buddha. Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Buddha. In our lives, change is unavoidable, loss is unavoidable. In the adaptability and ease with which we experience change, lies our happiness and freedom.
Buddha. The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, worry about the future, or anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly.
Buddha. Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.
Buddha. You yourself, as much as anyone in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddhist proverb. 'Enough' is a feast.
Byron Katie. It’s not your job to like me, it’s mine.
Byron Pulsifer. Make a Friday a day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of knowing that you just didn’t put in time to the next paycheck.
C.S. Lewis. We are what we believe we are.
C.SLewis. True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.
C.SLewis. You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Carl Bard. Though no one can go back and make a brand-new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand-new ending.
Carl Gustav Jung. Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research.
Carl Jung. Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better to take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Carl Jung. Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Carl Sagan. Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Carl Sandburg. Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Carlos Santana. If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Catherine Pulsifer. When you leave work on Friday, leave work Don’t let technology follow you throughout your weekend (answering text messages and emails) take a break you will be more refreshed to begin the workweek if you have had a break.
Charles Bukowski. You have to die a few times before you can really live.
Charles Bukowski. The less I needed, the better I felt.
Charles Bukowski. Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?
Charles Darwin. It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Charles Darwin. Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
Charles Darwin. A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin. It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Charles Dickens. We forge the chains we wear in life.
Charles Dickens. Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many--not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Charles F. Kettering. Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
Charles Schwab. The way to develop the best that is in a person is by appreciation and encouragement.
Charlie Gilkey. If it matters to you, you’ll find a way.
Charlie Munger. It is remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid, instead of trying to be very intelligent.
Charlotte Bronte. I avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Childish Gambino. If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.
Chines Proverb. The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
Chinese Proverb. Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are.
Chinese proverb. The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Chinese proverb. The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
Chris Brady. No guts, no story.
Chris Brady. No guts, no story.
Chris Grosser. Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Chris Grosser. Opportunities don't happen. You create them.
Christian D. Larson. Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Christopher Hitchens. The essence of the independent mind lies not in what it thinks, but in how it thinks.
Christopher Hitchens. What do you most value in your friends? Their continued existence.
Christopher Hitchens. Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence.
Christopher Hitchens. Time spent arguing is, oddly enough, almost never wasted.
Christopher Hitchens. We may differ on many things, but what we respect is free inquiry, open-mindedness, and the pursuit of ideas for their own sake.
Christopher Hitchens. Never be a spectator of unfairness or stupidity. Seek out argument and disputation for their own sake; the grave will supply plenty of time for silence.
Christopher Reeve. Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.
Christopher Robin. Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Cindy Gallop. Fear of what other people will think is the single most paralyzing dynamic in business and in lifeThe best moment of my life was the day I realized that I no longer give a damn what anybody thinksThat’s enormously liberating and freeing, and it’s the only way to live your life and do your business
Clayton MChristensen. If the decisions you make about where you invest your blood, sweat, and tears are not consistent with the person you aspire to be, you’ll never become that person.
Coco Chanel. In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
Coco Chanel. Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Colin Powell. Being responsible sometimes means pissing people off.
Colin Powell. The day the soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help them or concluded that you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
Colin RDavis. The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same."
Confucius. He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
Confucius. Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius. To see what is right and not do is a lack of courage.
Confucius. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius. Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius. Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius. The object of the superior man is truth.
Confucius. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius Kongzi. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn’t correct it is committing another mistake.
Constance Wu. People's passion and desire for authenticity is strong.
Cormac McCarthy. Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.
D. H. Lawrence. The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread.
Dalai Lama. Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
Dalai Lama. Love is the absence of judgment.
Dalai Lama. Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Dalai Lama. My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Dalai Lama. The very purpose of our life is to seek happiness.
Dalai Lama. If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dale Carnegie. Develop success from failuresDiscouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie. The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Dale Carnegie. People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie. Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Dan Millman. Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving.
Dante Alighieri. Beauty awakens the soul to act.
David Allen. Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they've started.
David Bowie. Don’t you love the Oxford Dictionary? When I first read it, I thought it was a really really long poem about everything.
David Brinkley. A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley. A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Cain. .Owning things has a cost, and money is the least of it.
David Dweck. Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!
David Hurley. The standard you walk past, is the standard you accept.
David Ogilvy. Don't buntAim out of the ballparkAim for the company of immortals.
David Tyson. True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
Dax Shepard. Success is just a war of attrition. Sure, there's an element of talent you should probably possess. But if you just stick around long enough, eventually something is going to happen.
Deep Roy. Inspiration comes from within yourselfOne has to be positiveWhen you’re positive, good things happen.
Deepak Chopra. In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
Democritus. Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Denis Waitley. A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future.
Denis Waitley. Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn, or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Denzel Washington. Success? I don't know what that word means. I'm happy. But success, that goes back to what in somebody's eyes success means. For me, success is inner peace. That's a good day for me.
Diane Ackerman. I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
Diane McLaren. Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.
Diane Von Furstenberg. When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.
Diane von Furstenberg. You carry the passport to your own happiness.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer. In ordinary life, we hardly realize that we receive a great deal more than we give, and that it is only with gratitude that life becomes rich.
Dita Von Teese. You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches."
Dolly Parton. If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
Don Cheadle. I think it’s intoxicating when somebody is so unapologetically who they are.
Don Zimmer. What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time.
Donald McGannon. Leadership is an action, not a position.
Doris Day. Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Dorothy West. To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.
Douglas Adams. If you really want to understand something, the best way is to try and explain it to someone else.
Douglas Adams. If you really want to understand something, the best way is to try and explain it to someone else.
Douglas Adams. We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
Douglas Adams. The quality of any advice anybody has to offer has to be judged against the quality of life they actually lead.
Douglas Adams. Sir,' I said to the universe, 'I exist.' 'That,' said the universe, 'creates no sense of obligation in me whatsoever
Douglas MacArthur. Life is a lively process of becoming.
Dr Seuss. Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
Dr. Benjamin Spock. Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Dr. David Hawkins. Healing always involves facing truths we’d rather not face, and accepting responsibility we’d rather not accept.
Dr. Robert Anthony. You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it.
Dr. Robert Schuller. Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Dr. Seuss. Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Dr. Seuss. Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
Dr. Seuss. You have to be odd to be number one.
Dr. Wayne Dyer. You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Drake. Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.
Drew Houston. Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once.
DrHenry Link. We generate fears while we sitWe overcome them by action.
DrSeuss. You’ll never get bored when you try something new. There’s really no limit to what you can do."
Duke Ellington. A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Dwayne Johnson. Life is amazing. Life is fucking messy. Life is what you make of it.
Dwight D. Eisenhower. Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Dwight D. Eisenhower. Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
e. e. cummings. Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Earl Nightingale. Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish itThe time will pass anyway.
Earl Nightingale. We become what we think about
Earl Nightingale. We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
Eckhart Tolle. Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be.
Eckhart Tolle. The past has no power over the present moment.
Eckhart Tolle. You are the universe, expressing itself as a human for a little while.
Eckhart Tolle. Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.
Edmond Mbiaka. One of the differences between some successful and unsuccessful people is that one group is full of doers, while the other is full of wishers.
Edna Mode. I never look back, darlingIt distracts from the now."
Elbert Hubbard. Life in abundance comes only through great love.
Elbert Hubbard. A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Eleanor Roosevelt. Do not stop thinking of life as an adventureYou have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.
Eleanor Roosevelt. When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in returnYou should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.
Eleanor Roosevelt. Women must learn to play the game as men do.
Eleanor Roosevelt. The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Eleanor Roosevelt. It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
Eleanor Roosevelt. Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt. No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt. To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Eleanor Roosevelt. You wouldn't worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do.
Eleanor Roosevelt. No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt. Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross. People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning. Light tomorrow with today!
Ellen DeGeneres. Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer.
Elon Musk. Life got to be about more than just solving problems.
Emily Dickinson. Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Epictetus. He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epictetus. He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epicurus. The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.
Eric Butterworth. Don’t go through life, grow through life.
Erica Jong. If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.
Errol Flynn. It isn't what they say about you, it's what they whisper.
Estée Lauder. I never dreamed about successI worked for it.
Euripides. Leave no stone unturned.
Euripides. I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees.
Euripides. One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Euripides. Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Euripides. Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err.
Exupery. He who would travel happily must travel light. Antoine de Saint
Exupery. When you give yourself, you receive more than you give. Antoine de Saint
Farrah Gray. Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Farrah Gray. Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Father Theodore M. Hesburgh. The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.
Fernandez de Andrada. For me it is sufficient to have a corner by my hearth, a book, and a friend, and a nap undisturbed by creditors or grief.
Florence Nightingale. I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
Francine Jay. My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do.
Francis Chan. Our greatest fear should not be of failure ... but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Francis of Assisi. For it is in giving that we receive.
Frank A. Clark. If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.
Frank Herbert (from Dune). Give as few orders as possible, his father had told him once long ago. Once you've given orders on a subject, you must always give orders on that subject.
Frank Sinatra. The best revenge is massive success.
Frank Slaughter. Seek truth and you will find a path.
Frank Tyger. Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
Franklin D. Roosevelt. Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Franklin D. Roosevelt. Men are not prisoners of fate, but prisoners of their own minds.
Franklin DRoosevelt. The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Fred De Witt Van Amburgh. Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves, and spend without fear of bankruptcy.
Frederick Douglass. If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
French proverb. Nothing is so dear and precious as time.
Friedrich Nietzsche. Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
Friedrich Nietzsche. The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Friedrich Nietzsche. We have art in order not to die of the truth.
G. K. Chesterton. I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
G. K. Chesterton. I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought; and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
Gary Keller. Life is a question and how we live it is our answer.
Gary Vaynerchuk. Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.
Gavin Rossdale. A happy wife is a happy life.
Geoffrey Blainey. We forget that the nineteenth century often turned work into sport. We, in contrast, often turn sport into work.
George Addair. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
George Addair. Everything you've ever wanted is sitting on the other side of fear.
George Addair. Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
George Bernard. A lifetime of happiness! No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth.
George Bernard Shaw. Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw. Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
George Eliot. It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot. Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
George Eliot. Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult.
George Eliot. It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Harrison. When you’ve seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there.
George Lorimer. You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
George Meredith. A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power.
George Orwell. It's frightful that people who are so ignorant should have so much influence.
George Orwell. Free speech is my right to say what you don't want to hear.
George Orwell. There is no swifter route to the corruption of thought than through the corruption of language
George Orwell. However much you deny the truth, the truth goes on existing.
George Orwell. Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
George Orwell. Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
George Orwell. The further a society drifts from truth the more it will hate those who speak it.
George Orwell. In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
George Patton. A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
George Reeves. You can if you think you can.
George S. Patton Jr.. Don't tell people how to do things; tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
George Washington. It is absolutely necessary ... for me to have persons that can think for me, as well as execute orders.
George Washington Carve. Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
Gerald Good. If you want to turn your life around, try thankfulness. It will change your life mightily.
Gerald Jampolsky. Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Germaine Greer. Security is when everything is settled, when nothing can happen to you; security is the denial of life.
Germany Kent. Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life.
Gertrude Stein. Silent gratitude isn't very much to anyone.
Gilbert KChesterton. I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees.
Gilbert Parker. The real business of life is trying to understand each other.
Gloria Naylor. Life is accepting what is and working from that.
Golda Meir. Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Gordon BHinckley. You cannot plow a field by turning it over in your mind. To begin, begin."
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity.
Grace Hansen. Don’t be afraid your life will end. Be afraid that it will never begin.
Greg Anderson. Focus on the journey, not the destination.
Greg Anderson. Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it.
Greg White. Leadership is not for everyone. Leadership is a lifestyle, not a position. Leadership is about those you lead, not who is leading.
Groucho Marx. Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men--the other 999 follow women.
Gurbaksh Chahal. If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.
Gustave Flaubert. There is no truth. There is only perception.
Hagrid. What’s coming will come and we’ll meet it when it does.
Hans Finzel. A leader takes people where they would never go on their own.
Haruki Murakami. I dream. Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do.
Haruki Murakami. Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time.
Hasidic Proverb. The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.
Hayley Williams. To anyone that ever told you you're no good ... They're no better.
Helen Keller. Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.
Helen Keller. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievementNothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller. Security is mostly a superstitionLife is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller. We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
Helen Keller. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller. What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me.
Helen Keller. Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow.
Helen Keller. True happiness is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Helen Keller. When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.
Helen Keller. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Henri Frederic Amiel. Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.
Henry David Thoreau. As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mindTo make a deep physical path, we walk again and againTo make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
Henry David Thoreau. Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau. It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
Henry David Thoreau. Live the life you’ve dreamed.
Henry David Thoreau. Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
Henry David Thoreau. The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Henry David Thoreau. Time is but the stream I go fishing in.
Henry David Thoreau. Simplify, simplify.
Henry David Thoreau. I make myself rich by making my wants few.
Henry David Thoreau. Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Henry David Thoreau. Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau. If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see.
Henry David Thoreau. Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.
Henry Drummond. Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world.
Henry Ford. Coming together is a beginningKeeping together is progressWorking together is success.
Henry Ford. Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Henry Ford. When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Henry Ford. Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right..
Henry Ford. Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice.
Henry Ford. My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Henry Ford. The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
Henry Ford. When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Henry Ward Beecher. Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Heraclitus. Time is a game played beautifully by children.
Herb Kelleher. We have a ‘strategic’ plan. It’s called doing things.
Herbert Bayard Swope. I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody.
Herman Melville. It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation."
Homer. Life is largely a matter of expectation.
Honore De Balzac. Economized love is never real love.
Honore de Balzac. The more you judge, the less you love.
Horace Mann. Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.
Hubert H. Humphrey. The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
Ian Maclaren. Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle
Isaac Newton. Live your life as an exclamation rather than an explanation.
Isaac Newton. I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.
Isaac Bashevis. Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.
Isabel Allende. Show up, show up, show up, and after a while the muse shows up, too.
it’s all thereEverything influences each of us, and because of that I try to make sure that my experiences are positive.. You are the sum total of everything you’ve ever seen, heard, eaten, smelled, been told, forgot
J. Petit Senn. Happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it.
J. Stanfield. I cannot do all the good that the world needs. But the world needs all the good that I can do.
J.M. Barrie. The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it.
J.P. Morgan. A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu. Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.
Jack Canfield. For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded.
Jack Canfield. Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.
Jack Kerouac. Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
Jack Kerouac. The only truth is music.
Jack Kevorkian. You’ve gotta know what death is to know life.
Jack Kornfield. The trouble is, you think you have time.
James A. Garfield. The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.
James Allen. The dreamers are the saviors of the world.
James Cameron. If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
James Crook. The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
James Dean. Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Hillman. For, as almost every extraordinary life shows, there is a vision, an ideal that calls.
James M. Barrie. Life is a long lesson in humility.
Jane Goodall. What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
Jane Smiley. In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Japanese proverb. Fall seven times and stand up eight.
Jarod Kintz. Wisdom equals knowledge plus courage. You have to not only know what to do and when to do it, but you have to also be brave enough to follow through.
Jason Bateman. I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness.
Jason Fried. Small is not just a stepping-stoneSmall is a great destination itself.
Jay-Z. I will not lose, for even in defeat, there’s a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me.
Jean de La Fontaine. Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Jean de La Fontaine. Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Jeanette Jenkins. Never give anyone the power to take away your joy.
Jean-Francois Cope. I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.
Jeanne Moreau. My aim in life is not to judge.
Jennifer Lopez. Doubt is a killerYou just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
Jennifer Lopez. You get what you give.
Jerry Porras. When you put together deep knowledge about a subject that intensely matters to you, charisma happens. You gain courage to share your passion, and when you do that, folks follow.
Jesse Owens. The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medalsThe struggles within yourself—the invisible, inevitable battles inside all of us—that's where it's at."
Jessica Ennis. The only one who can tell you  you can’t win is you and you don’t have to listen.
Jiddu Krishnamurti. One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end.
Jiddu Krishnamurti. Truth is a pathless land.
Jiddu Krishnamurti. We search something permanent, something that will last.
Jiddu Krishnamurti. The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.
Jim Carrey. If you give up on your dreams, what’s left?
Jim Morrison. Where’s your will to be weird?
Jim Rohn. Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn. Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Jim Rohn. If you really want to do something, you'll find a wayIf you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Jim Rohn. If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Jim Rohn. Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better.
Jim Rohn. If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Jim Rohn. The challenge of leadership is to be strong but not rude; be kind but not weak; be bold but not a bully; be humble but not timid; be proud but not arrogant; have humor but without folly.
Jim Ryun. Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Valvano. Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first step to succeeding.
Jimi Hendrix. When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
Jimmy Dean. I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Jimmy Spithill. Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy.
Jodi Picoult. When you're different, sometimes you don't see the millions of people who accept you for what you are. All you notice is the person who doesn't.
Joe Girard. The elevator to success is out of orderYou’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.
Joe Namath. When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Nothing is worth more than this day.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
John C. Maxwell. Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best.
John C. Maxwell. What you become is the result of what you do today. In other words, you are preparing for something.
John C. Maxwell. Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
John C. Maxwell. Leadership is not about titles, positions, or flowcharts. It is about one life influencing another.
John Christian Bovee. A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
John D. Rockefeller. Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John E. Southard. The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you.
John F. Kennedy. Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan.
John F. Kennedy. As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words but to live by them.
John Gay. Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow.
John Graham. You’ll find that education is just about the only thing lying around loose in this world, and it’s about the only thing a fellow can have as much of as he’s willing to haul away.
John Green. It hurt because it mattered.
John Howard. The bicycle is a curious vehicle. Its passenger is its engine.
John Keats. Impossible is for the unwilling.
John Lennon. All you need is love.
John Lennon. Love is the flower you’ve got to let grow.
John Lennon. Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
John Maxwell. En la vida algunas veces se gana, otras veces se aprende.
John Maxwell. Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential.
John Maxwell. People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.
John Maxwell. A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit.
John Mayer. Don’t be scared to walk alone. Don’t be scared to like it.
John Milton. The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
John Wooden. Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
John Wooden. Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
John Wooden. Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
John Wooden. Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Jon Hamm. Sometimes life has its way with you when you least expect it.
Jonathan Landsman. Don’t ever give up on what makes you truly happy.
Joseph Addison. True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self.
Joseph Addison. True happiness...arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self.
Joseph Campbell. We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Joseph F. Newton. People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Joshua Becker .. Owning less is great, wanting less is better.
Joshua Marine. Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Julian Assange. There is nothing new in this world other than the history that you don't know yet.
Karen Sunde. To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
Karl Barth. Joy is the simplest form of gratitude.
Katharine Hepburn. If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased.
Ken Kesey. You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case.
Ken Keyes Jr.. Everything is a gift of the universe--even joy, anger, jealousy, frustration, or separateness. Everything is perfect either for our growth or our enjoyment.
Kevin Kline. People ask, 'What's the best role you've ever played?' The next one.
Kevin Kruse. Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Kevin Kruse. Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.
Khalil Gibran. Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Khalil Gibran. There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
Khalil Gibran. Kindness is like snow – it beautifies everything it covers.
Khalil Gibran. Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Khalil Gibran. Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
Klaus Balkenhol. There is a difference between being a leader and being a boss. Both are based on authority. A boss demands blind obedience; a leader earns his authority through understanding and trust.
Kurt Cobain. Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.
Kurt Vonnegut. Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn.
Kurt Vonnegut. So it goes.
Lady Gaga. Some women choose to follow men, and some choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.
Laird Hamilton. Make sure your worst enemy doesn’t live between your own two ears.
Lama Yeshe. Be gentle first with yourself.
Lao Tsu. Freedom from desire leads to inner peace.
Lao Tzu. Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment.
Lao Tzu. The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth.
Lao Tzu. To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
Lao Tzu. He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Lao Tzu. A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Lao Tzu. If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never be fulfilled. If your happiness depends on money, you will never be happy with yourself. Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the world belongs to you.
Lao Tzu. I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize. The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others. Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men.
Lao Tzu. When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Larry Winget. Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don't have a plan.
Leo Tolstoy. The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Leo Tolstoy. Boredom: the desire for desires.
Leo Tolstoy. The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Les Brown. Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality
Les Brown. You don’t have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.
Lester Levinson. We can have peace if we let go of wanting to change the past and wanting to control the future.
Leymah Gbowee. You can never leave footprints that last if you are always walking on tiptoe.
Lily Tomlin. I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific.
Lindsey Vonn. Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.
Lionel Suggs. Never perceive anything as being inevitable or predestined. The only absolute is uncertainty.
Lisa M. Amos. Entrepreneurs average 3.8 failures before final success. What sets the successful ones apart is their amazing persistence.
LOA. Start making your own happiness a priority.
LOA. The Universe is not punishing you or blessing you. The Universe is responding to the vibrational attitude that you are emitting.
LOA. You can turn your life into paradise, but the only way you can do it is to make the inside of you a paradise.
Lord Byron. Adversity is the first path to truth.
Lou Holtz. Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you’re willing to doYour attitude determines how well you do it.
Louise Hay. I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.
Lucille Ball. I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. If you wished to be loved, love.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. No one is laughable who laughs at himself.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. You are your choices.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. Time discovers truth.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca. Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
Luminita Saviuc. Let nothing and no one disturb your inner peace.
M.D. Arnold. A good leader leads the people from above them. A great leader leads the people from within them.
Macklemore. Change the game, don’t let the game change you.
Madeleine Albright. It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.
Mae West. You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West. Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
Mae West. You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. Personal love is concentrated universal love.
Mahatma Gandhi. Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.
Mahatma Gandhi. My life is my message.
Mahatma Gandhi. The good man is the friend of all living things.
Mahatma Gandhi. There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Mahatma Ghandi. Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Malala Yousafzai. Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality.
Malcolm S. Forbes. The more sympathy you give, the less you need.
Malcolm X. Truth is on the side of the oppressed.
Marcel Proust. We must never be afraid to go too far, for success lies just beyond.
Marcus Aurelius. The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
Marcus Aurelius. When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love…
Marcus Aurelius. To live happily is an inward power of the soul.
Marcus Aurelius. Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours.
Marcus Aurelius. He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
Marcus Aurelius. Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them.
Marcus Tullius Cicero. A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Marcus Tullius Cicero. More is lost by indecision than wrong decision.
Marcus Tullius Cicero. Whatever you do, do with all your might.
Marcus Tullius Cicero. Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Margaret Chase Smith. The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Margaret Cho. Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate.
Margaret Lee Runbeck. Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Margaret Thatcher. If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
Margaret Thatcher. You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Margaret Thatcher. Do you know that one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than they do about thoughts and ideas.
Maria Edgeworth. If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves.
Marie Curie. Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understoodNow is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Marilyn Monroe. We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Mark Caine. The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
Mark Twain. I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
Mark Twain. Never regret anything that made you smile.
Mark Twain. Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitionsSmall minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.
Mark Twain. The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.
Mark Twain. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why.
Mark Twain. All generalizations are false, including this one.
Mark Twain. It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.
Mark Twain. It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt.
Mark Twain. The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
Mark Twain. Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
Mark Twain. If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.
Mark Twain. Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
Mark Twain. Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Mark Twain. Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Mark Twain. Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sail. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Mark Twain. Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.
Mark Twain. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Mark Victor Hansen. Don't wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles, and less than perfect conditions. So what? Get started now. With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident, and more and more successful.
Martha Graham. There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.
Martha Stewart. I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
Martin Luther King Jr. We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Martin Luther King Jr.. If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
Martin Luther King Jr.. A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent.
Martin Luther King Jr.. Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Martin Luther King Jr.. The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Mary Anne Radmacher. Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow."
Mary Anne Radmacher. Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses.
Mary Anne Roadacher-Hershey. Live with intention. Walk to the edge. Listen hard. Practice wellness. Play with abandon. Laugh. Choose with no regret. Do what you love. Live as if this is all there is.
Mary Tyler Moore. Take chances, make mistakes. That’s how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Max De Pree. In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Max Lucado. A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Maxime Lagacé. Stay foolish to stay sane.
Maya Angelou. Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
Maya Angelou. My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.
Maya Angelou. We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Maya Angelou. Open your eyes to the beauty around you, Open your mind to the wonders of life, Open your heart to those who love you, And always be true to yourself.
Maya Angelou. Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
Maya Angelou. I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Maya Angelou. This a wonderful day. I've never seen this one before.
Maya Angelou. I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Maya Angelou. You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
Meister Eckhart. The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.
Melissa McCarthy. When I believe in something, I’m like a dog with a bone.
Melody Beattie. Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend. Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Melody Beattie. Gratitude turns what we have into enough and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos into order, confusion into clarity...it makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Mencius. Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Mencius. The great man is he who does not lose his child’s-heart.
Mia Hamm. I learned a long time ago that there is something worse than missing the goal, and that’s not pulling the trigger.
Mia Hamm. Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don’t settle for them.
Michael Altshuler. The bad news is time fliesThe good news is you’re the pilot.
Michael John Bobak. All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
Michael Jordan. Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Michael Jordan. Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.
Michael Jordan. You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Michael Jordan. The minute you get away from fundamentals – proper technique, work ethic or mental prep – the bottom can fall out of your game.
Michael Jordan. Earn your leadership every day.
Michael Josephson. The world has enough beautiful mountains and meadows, spectacular skies and serene lakes. It has enough lush forests, flowered fields, and sandy beaches. It has plenty of stars and the promise of a new sunrise and sunset every day. What the world needs more of is people to appreciate and enjoy it.
Michael Phelps. I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
Michael Phelps. You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Michael Pitt. It's a dead-end street if you sit around waiting for someone else to tell you you're OK.
Michelle Obama. One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals.
Michelle Obama. Choose people who lift you up.
Miguel de Cervantes.. Fair and softly goes far.
Mike Ericksen. I truly believe we can either see the connections, celebrate them, and express gratitude for our blessings, or we can see life as a string of coincidences that have no meaning or connection. For me, I'm going to believe in miracles, celebrate life, rejoice in the views of eternity, and hope my choices will create a positive ripple effect in the lives of others. This is my choice.
Mike Gafka. To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
Mister Rogers. There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.
Mohandas Gandhi. Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong.
Mohandas Gandhi. The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mohandas Gandhi. The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within.
Mohnish Pabrai. Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing riskThat’s the classic entrepreneur.
Mortimer JAdler. True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline.
Mother Teresa. Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Mother Teresa. If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Mother Teresa. Be happy in the moment, that’s enough.
Mother Teresa. If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa. We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Mother Teresa. A smile is the beginning of peace.
Mother Teresa. Love is a fruit in season at all times and within reach of every hand.
Mother Teresa.. Do small things with great love.
Nadine Gordimer. The truth isn’t always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
Nancy D. Solomon. You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
Nanea Hoffman. Every Friday, I like to high five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humor.
Naomi Williams. It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
Napoleon. A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Hill. If you can't yet do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napoleon Hill. The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Napoleon Hill. The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Nathaniel Branden. Persons of high self-esteem are not driven to make themselves superior to others; they do not seek to prove their value by measuring themselves against a comparative standard. Their joy is being who they are, not in being better than someone else.
Nathaniel Hawthorne. Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Neal A. Maxwell. We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count.
Neil Strauss. Great things never came from comfort zones.
Nelson Mandela. Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela. May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.
Nelson Mandela. A leader ... is like a shepherd. He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the others follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind.
Nicholas Sparks. Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it.
Nicholas Sparks.. Love is like the wind. You can’t see it, but you can feel it.
Nicole Shepherd. You never regret being kind.
Norman Vincent Peale. When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale. If you paint in your mind a picture of bright and happy expectations, you put yourself into a condition conducive to your goals.
Octavia Butler. First forget inspirationHabit is more dependableHabit will sustain you whether you're inspired or notHabit will help you finish and polish your storiesInspiration won'tHabit is persistence in practice.
Og Mandino. Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Og Mandino. Do all things with love.
Og Mandino. Count your blessings.
Oprah Winfrey. Think like a queenA queen is not afraid to failFailure is another stepping stone to greatness.
Oprah Winfrey. Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Oprah Winfrey. The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
Oprah Winfrey. You are responsible for your life. You can't keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction. Life is really about moving on.
Oprah Winfrey. Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Oprah Winfrey. It is confidence in our bodies, minds, and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures.
Orrin Woodward. Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar.
Oscar Wilde. I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde. If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Oscar Wilde. I am not young enough to know everything.
Oscar Wilde. Life is too important to be taken seriously.
Oscar Wilde. Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Oscar Wilde. To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Oscar Wilde. Who, being loved, is poor?
Oscar Wilde. Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary.
Oscar Wilde. To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Oscar Wilde. The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Oscar Wilde. Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them more.
Oscar Wilde. What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
Oscar Wilde. To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Osho. Innocence is courage and clarity both.
Osho. If love appears, boundaries will disappear.
Osho. The more you love, the more you become lovable.
Osho. Never be an imitator, be always original. Don’t become a carbon copy.
Osho. Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior, but nobody is equal either. People are simply unique, incomparable.
oshua Becker. Owning less is better than organizing more. J
Ovid. Every lover is a soldier.
Ovid. Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears.
Ovid. Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love.
Ovid. Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.
Pablo Picasso. Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working.
Pablo Picasso. It takes a long time to become young.
Pablo Picasso. Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Pablo Picasso. Everything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso. Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Paramahansa Yogananda. Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable.
Pat Riley. To have long-term success as a coach or in any position of leadership, you have to be obsessed in some way.
Pat Summitt. Attitude is a choice. Think positive thoughts daily. Believe in yourself.
Patrick Lencioni. Remember, teamwork begins by building trustAnd the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability.
Patrick Lencioni. Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability.
Paul Boese. Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Paul Boese. Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Paul Bryant. It’s not the will to win that matters—everyone has thatIt’s the will to prepare to win that matters.
Paul Graham. Relentlessly prune bullshit, don't wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have. That's what you do when life is short.
Paul Hogan. The secret to my success is that I bit off more than I could chew and I chewed as fast as I could.
Paul Sartre. A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost. Jean
Paul Tillich. The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Paulo Coelho. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Paulo Coelho. I thank all those who laughed at my dreams; you taught me to grow respecting other people’s struggles
Paulo Coelho. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better, too.
Peace Pilgrim. When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others.
Pema Chodron. Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.
Pericles. Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
Peter F. Drucker. Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
Peter F. Drucker. Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
Peter Hagerty. Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever.
Peter McWilliams. We are all, right now, living the life we choose.
Peter T. Mcintyre. Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Philip James Bailey.. Kindness is wisdom.
Philippos. You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Plato. We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Plutarch. Character is simply habit long continued.
Publilius Syrus. You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force.
Publilius Syrus. Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Pythagoras. Time is the soul of this world.
Pythagoras. Above all things, reverence yourself.
Rabindranath Tagore. Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
Rachel England. The need for forgiveness is an illusion. There is nothing to forgive.
Raheel Farooq. Gratitude is more of a compliment to yourself than someone else.
Ralph Lauren. We all get report cards in many different ways, but the real excitement of what you're doing is in the doing of it. It's not what you're gonna get in the end--it's not the final curtain--it's really in the doing it, and loving what you're doing.
Ralph Moody. Always remember, Son, the best boss is the one who bosses the least. Whether it's cattle, or horses, or men, the least government is the best government.
Ralph Nader. I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. Every wall is a door.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. We must be our own before we can be another’s.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. The greatest gift is a portion of thyself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. Nobody can bring you peace but yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. You cannot do a kindness too soon, because you never know how soon it will be too late.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ramana Maharshi. Seek the seeker.
Ramana Maharshi. I am not the perishable body, but the eternal Self.
Rasheed Ogunlaru. In life, one has a choice to take one of two paths: to wait for some special day--or to celebrate each special day.
Ray Croft. I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
Ray Goforth. There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Ray Knight. Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary.
Ray Kroc. Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
Raymond Joseph Teller. Sometimes magic is just someone spending more time on something than anyone else might reasonably expect.
Reinhold Niebuhr. God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Richard Bach. The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
Richard Bach. There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands. You seek problems because you need their gifts.
Richard Bach. Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.
Richard Branson. Screw it, let’s do it.
Richard Dawkins. The less you think, the more you believe.
Richard Dawkins. Offense is what people take when they can't take argument.
Richard Paul Evans. The truest indication of gratitude is to return what you are grateful for.
Richard Wilkins. Miracles start to happen when you give as much energy to your dreams as you do to your fears.
Rita Mae Brown. The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself.
Rita Mae Brown. One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Rob Siltanen. People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Robert Braathe. Gratitude and attitude are not challenges; they are choices.
Robert Brault. Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Robert Collier. Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Robert Downey Jr.. I think that the power is the principle. The principle of moving forward, as though you have the confidence to move forward, eventually gives you confidence when you look back and see what you've done.
Robert E. Lee. I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.
Robert Frost. In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost. The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost. Freedom lies in being bold.
Robert Frost. In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost. Two roads diverged in a wood, and I, I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
Robert HSchuller. Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.
Robert Hughes. The greater the artist, the greater the doubt. Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation prize.
Robert Louis Stevenson. Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Robert McPhillips. Happiness is the experience of loving life. Being happy is being in love with that momentary experience. And love is looking at someone or even something and seeing the absolute best in him/her or it. Love is happiness with what you see. So love and happiness really are the same thing...just expressed differently.
Robert Quillen. If you count all your assets, you always show a profit.
Robin Sharma. Ideation without execution is delusion.
Roger Williams. The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential. When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself but the world.
Ronald Reagan. The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets people to do the greatest things.
Ronald Reagan. Surround yourself with great people; delegate authority; get out of the way.
Rosalynn Carter. A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go but ought to be.
Roseanne Barr. The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you powerYou just take it
Ross Simmonds. Hustle beats talent when talent doesn’t hustle
Roy T. Bennett. When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
Roy T. Bennett. We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.
Rufus Wainwright. Life is a game and true love is a trophy.
Rumi. You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.
Rumi. Find the sweetness in your own heart so that you may find the sweetness in every Heart!
Rumi. You are searching the world for treasure, but the real treasure is Yourself.
Rumi. Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Russell Crowe. God bless America, God Save the Queen, God defend New Zealand and thank Christ for Australia.
Russell Kyle. The Universe has a plan for you, and it’s Good.
Ruth Gordo. Courage is like a muscleWe strengthen it by use.
Sam Rosen. Money doesn't bring happiness and creativity. Your creativity and happiness brings money.
Sammy Davis Jr.. The ultimate mystery is one’s own self.
Samuel Butler. Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The happiness of life is made up of the little charities of a kiss or smile, a kind look, a heartfelt compliment.
Sara Blakely. Embrace what you don’t know, especially in the beginning, because what you don’t know can become your greatest asset. It ensures that you will absolutely be doing things different from everybody else.
Seneca. Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
Seth Godin. In a battle between two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it.
Shakti Gawain. Anything in life that we don't accept will simply make trouble for us until we make peace with it.
Shakti Gawain. We avoid the things that we're afraid of because we think there will be dire consequences if we confront them. But the truly dire consequences in our lives come from avoiding things that we need to learn about or discover.
Shari R. Barr. Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.
Sheryl Sandberg. We need women at all levels, including the top, to change the dynamic, reshape the conversation, to make sure women’s voices are heard and heeded, not overlooked and ignored.
Sigmund Freud. If youth knew; if age could.
Sigmund Freud. Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Sigmund Freud. Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
Simon Sinek. Happiness comes from WHAT we do. Fulfillment comes from WHY we do it.
Simone Weil. Beauty always promises, but never gives anything.
Sir Edmund Hillary. It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.
SO’Sade. Oh! It’s Friday againShare the love that was missing during the weekIn a worthy moment of peace and bliss.
Socrates. Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Socrates. Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
Socrates. He is richest who is content with the least.
Socrates. The unexamined life is not worth living.
Sonia Sotomayor. A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence.
Sophocles. Time eases all things.
Soren Kierkegaard. Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Soren Kierkegaard. Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Soren Kierkegaard. Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Sri Sathya Sai Baba. Life is the car, your heart is the key and God is the chauffeur.
Stendhal. Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Stephen Butler Leacock. It may be that those who do most, dream most.
Stephen Covey. Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Stephen Covey. Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's no greater investment.
Stephen Covey. If you start to think the problem is 'out there,' stop yourself. That thought is the problem.
Stephen Covey. I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Stephen Fry. You are who you are when nobody’s watching.
Stephen RCovey. I am not a product of my circumstancesI am a product of my decisions.
Stephen Richards. Gratitude also opens your eyes to the limitless potential of the universe, while dissatisfaction closes your eyes to it.
Stephen Swid. Being rich is having money, being wealthy is having time.
Steve Furtick. The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel."
Steve Irwin. Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first.
Steve Jobs. If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.
Steve Jobs. Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact: Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you and you can change it, you can influence it… Once you learn that, you'll never be the same again.
Steve Jobs. The only way to do great work is to love what you doIf you haven’t found it yet, keep lookingDon’t settle.
Steve Jobs. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work And the only way to do great work is to love what you doIf you haven't found it yet, keep lookingDon't settleAs with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Steve Jobs. Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Steve Jobs. You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Steve Jobs. You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you're not passionate enough from the start, you'll never stick it out.
Steve Jobs. My job is not to be easy on people. My job is to take these great people we have and to push them and make them even better.
Steve Jobs. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Steve Jobs. The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Steve Maraboli. Forget yesterday--it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow--you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift--today.
Stephen Hawking. Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Sue Knight. Do what you have always done and you'll get what you have always got.
Sugar Ray Robinson. To be a champ, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.
Suzanne Collins. As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve.
Swami Vivekananda. The knowledge of happiness brings the knowledge of unhappiness.
Swami Vivekananda. Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
T D Jakes. No woman wants to be in submission to a man who isn’t in submission to God!
T. Harv Eker. Successful people have fear, successful people have doubts, and successful people have worries. They just don't let these feelings stop them.
T. Harv Eker. If you are insecure, guess what? The rest of the world is too. Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think.
T.S Eliot. Every moment is a fresh beginning.
Terence. Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love.
Teresa of Avila. It is love alone that gives worth to all things.
that’s why we recommend it daily.. People often say that motivation doesn’t lastWell, neither does bathing
The Secret. I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Theodore Roosevelt. Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
Theodore Roosevelt. Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.
Theodore Roosevelt. Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Theodore Roosevelt. Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
Theodore Roosevelt. Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs--even though checkered by failure--than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Theodore Roosevelt. The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
Theodore Roosevelt. Do what you can, where you are, with what you have.
Thich Nhat Hanh. In true love, you attain freedom.
Thich Nhat Hanh. There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way.
Thomas A. Edison. Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas AEdison. I have not failedI've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas Alva Edison. If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas Aquinas. If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever."
Thomas Aquinas. The things that we love tell us what we are.
Thomas Carlyle. Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further.
Thomas Carlyle. Every noble work is at first impossible.
Thomas Carlyle. No pressure, no diamonds.
Thomas Edison. Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas Edison. There is no substitute for hard work.
Thomas Edison. I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas Fuller. If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
Thomas J. Watson. If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
Thomas J. Watson. Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It's quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember, that's where you will find success.
Thomas Jefferson. I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Thomas Jefferson. If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
Thomas Jefferson. I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Thomas Jefferson. Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
Thomas John Carlisle. Show me the man you honor and I will know what kind of man you are.
Thomas Merton. Every moment and every event of every man’s life on earth plants something in his soul.
Thomas Szasz. Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time...serenity, that nothing is.
Tia Sparkles. You are amazing. As you are. Stronger than you know. More beautiful than you think.
Tim Cook. Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got.
Tim Ferriss. Conditions are never perfect. ‘Someday’ is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you…. If it’s important to you and you want to do it ‘eventually,’ just do it and correct course along the way.
Tim Gunn. You have no control over other people's taste, so focus on staying true to your own.
Tina Fey. You can’t be that kid standing at the top of the waterslide, overthinking itYou have to go down the chute.
Tina Fey. Don't waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions; go over, under, through, and opinions will change organically when you're the boss. Or they won't. Who cares? Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.
Tina Fey. Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.
Tobias Lütke. If you believe something needs to exist, if it's something you want to use yourself, don't let anyone ever stop you from doing it.
Tom Hopkins. Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
Tom Hopkins. Keep your eyes open and try to catch people in your company doing something right, then praise them for it.
Tom Lehrer. Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Tom Perrotta. They both seemed to understand that describing it was beyond their powers, the gratitude that spreads through your body when a burden gets lifted, and the sense of homecoming that follows, when you suddenly remember what it feels like to be yourself.
Tom Rath. If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything.
Tony Blair. The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Tony Hsieh. Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.
Tony Robbins. Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future.
Tony Robbins. Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Tony Robbins. The past does not equal the future.
Tony Robbins. In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
Tony Robbins. If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
Tupac Shakur. I don't see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.
Unknown. A year from now you will wish you had started today."
Unknown. Do not wait for the perfect time and place to enter, for you are already onstage.
Unknown. Resilience is when you address uncertainty with flexibility.
Unknown. The strongest actions for a woman is to love herself, be herself and shine amongst those who never believed she could.
Unknown. Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.
Unknown. Worry is a misuse of imagination."
Unknown. You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop youFailure builds character.
Unknown. All we have is what we do right now. That’s all we’ll ever have. Life is a series of moments. And if you show up authentically in more and more moments, you start to patch together a beautiful life.
Unknown. Always stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.
Unknown. Be patient. Empires are not built in a day
Unknown. Be the writer of your life and reader of your mind. The more you know yourself the less you need approval of others.
Unknown. Don’t be upset with people and situations in your life, because both are powerless without your reaction.
Unknown. Don’t chase people. Be you, do your own thing and work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you, and stay.
Unknown. Don’t compare yourself to others. Keep playing the competitive game between you and you.
Unknown. For everything you have lost, you have gained something else.
Unknown. Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who are patient, and the best things come to those who don’t give up.
Unknown. Good things come to those who go get them.
Unknown. Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, & change ordinary opportunities into blessings.
Unknown. If you want help, help others. If you want love, give it. If you want respect, show it. Whatever you want more of, start giving more of.
Unknown. In life, you’ll meet two kinds of people. The ones who build you up and the ones who tear you down. In the end, you’ll thank them both.
Unknown. Life becomes lighter when we focus on reality and presentments rather than abstract ideas and interpretations
Unknown. Once you carry your own water, you will learn the value of every drop.
Unknown. The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
Unknown. The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Unknown. The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they make the best of everything.
Unknown. The universe will often give you what you truly desire, even when you didn’t realize it was what you were truly wanting.
Unknown. There’s no need to rush. What’s meant for you always arrives right on time.
Unknown. You can’t change what’s going on around you until you start changing what’s going on within you.
Unknown. Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow.
Unknown. Happiness is not having what you want. It is appreciating what you have.
Unknown. You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
Unknown﻿. Create in you the power of self-confidence and self-determination to think and to create the life you love and the success you want.
Vaibhav Shah. Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Vanessa Paradis. Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down.
Vernon Sanders Law. Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Victor Hugo. Life’s greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Victor Hugo. To love beauty is to see light.
Victor Hugo. To love is to act.
Victor Pride. The key to happiness is doing something you like every single day.
Vidal Sassoon. The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vince Lombardi. Individual commitment to a group effort—that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work.
Vince Lombardi. Perfection is not attainableBut if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Vincent van Gogh. For the great doesn’t happen through impulse alone, and is a succession of little things that are brought together.
Vincent Van Gogh. If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Vivian Komori. Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce.
Vivienne Westwood. Buy less, choose well.
W. C. Fields. Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
W. Clement Stone. Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it.
W.B. Yeats. The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.
Walt Disney. All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney. Get a good idea and stay with itDog it, and work at it until it’s done right.
Walt Disney. The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney. All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney. The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting.
Walt Disney. All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Whitman. Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
Walter Anderson. It is only when we take chances, when our lives improveThe initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest
Warren Buffet. Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Wayne Dyer. If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Wayne Dyer. You cannot always control what goes on outside But you can always control what goes on inside.
Wayne Dyer. There is no stress in the world, only people thinking stressful thoughts and then acting on them.
Wayne Gretzky. You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take.
Wayne W. Dyer. How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Whoopi Goldberg. We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
Will Rogers. Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
Will Rogers. Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Will Rogers. Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Will Smith. The first step is you have to say that you can.
William Adams. Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be.
William Arthur Ward. A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
William Arthur Ward. The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
William Arthur Ward. Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
William Blake. The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
William Blake. If a thing loves, it is infinite.
William Blake. In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
William Hazlitt. If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
William James. It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
William James. The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.
William James. We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh.
William James. If you can change your mind, you can change your life.
William James. The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
William Jennings Bryan. The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you.
William Penn. Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
William Shakespeare. Boldness be my friend.
William Shakespeare. Fight till the last gasp.
William Shakespeare. Speak low, if you speak love.
William Shakespeare. They do not love that do not show their love.
William Shakespeare. This above all: to thine own self be true.
William Shakespeare. Brevity is the soul of wit.
Willie Hill. Once you do something you love, you never have to work again.
Willie Nelson. Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results.
Willie Nelson. When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
Winnie the Pooh. People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
Winston Churchill. I'd rather argue against a hundred idiots, than have one agree with me.
Winston Churchill. Never engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed man.
Winston Churchill. If you find a job you love, you'll never work again.
Winston Churchill. Jaw jaw is better than war war.
Winston Churchil. Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill. Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill. Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill. The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty."
Winston Churchill. If you’re going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill. We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill. Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.
Winston Churchill. Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill. Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill. If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill. We make a living by what we get; we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill. When eagles are silent, parrots begin to chatter.
Woodrow Wilson. You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Woody Allen. Eighty percent of success is showing up.
WPKinsella. Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko. To partly remain a child: that is to be really mature.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko. One day posterity will remember these strange times, when ordinary common honesty was called courage.
Yoda. Do it or not. There is no try.
Yulia Tymoshenko. Whenever you see a successful woman, look out for three men who are going out of their way to try to block her.
Zach Galifianakis. My forte is awkwardness.
Zig Ziglar. You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Zig Ziglar. You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Zig Ziglar. If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
